hello guys this is a guide on how to get
through the chaos altar through the
tunnel you can also just go out in the
wilderness and like level like nine or
twelve or something like that and then
go the chaos alter that way but if you
have what lies below quest done then you
can access this which is very convenient
but either way it's kind of a pain to go
to the chaos altar but you know it's
worth it for training you know but
unless you want to spend your money on
chaos rooms but yep you go through here
and basically just follow the path out
and then to the right and you're going
to have to come up this way also once
you're done crafting because i'll
teleport you to the wilderness if you if
you just if you just go through the one
of the other portals so you have to go
through this portal only just just
saying and then you go to the slider and
it's pretty simple compared to going
through the wilderness way the the foal
way but yep then you just go back up do
not go through any of the other portals
because it will just take you to the
wilderness and then you'll have to go
all the way back to the opening point
which is a pain but if you have to
replay this video many times to memorize
it that's okay I don't really mind but
yeah it's a pretty straightforward I
mean it'd be nice if you could go from
here to there to the portal from there
but you can't on ELC nice to say current
or inscape I think you can because I
remember runes crafting k essence there
a long time ago and like a couple years
ago and I think you could take that as a
shortcut but not on old school and make
it a bit harder of course because what
is old school without hard I mean
without hardness I mean it's just it's
just EEOC so that's about it you just go
through the tunnel again now yep so i'll
be making some more videos probably here
um so if you liked this guide then like
it up and if you didn't then dislike it
but really it's to your benefit so i
don't know why you would dislike it but
yeah and see you guys later